1. Technology: A Window to understanding Contemporary China

按照PREP（points reason example points）的结构进行

先进行头脑风暴，我们先看到主题是Technology is window to understanding contemporary China, 找到关键词，
首先是technology，technology与china联系在一起，我们自觉的话就会想到一些国家领导人说过的一些话，
比如科技是现代化的战略先导与根本支撑(technology is the strategic guidance and fundamental support of the modernization of China)，
上面这句话是为什么，那我们的reason就找到了一个论证；
我们的观点（points）又是什么呢？
正向的，容易看出是technology is a window to understanding contemporary China，那么其他方向的理解呢
他只是提出了technology可以，但是我们多想想what how when之类的，就可以想到how，怎么去通过科技去看呢，于是可以提出
technology not only reflects the rapid development of China, but it also reveals the values and everyday lives of Chinese people.
example呢，一般来说example是佐证points或者reason的
我们首先可以想到例如没有科技创新，就没有产业升级，新兴产业就无法诞生；没有科技人才，就没有足够的信息安全的力量，就无法保护国家安全；
没有广泛的科技应用，就没有医疗进步，教育的进步，就没有人民生活的改善
最后仍然是points（最后一段肯定是总结）
我们想想我们从主题出发讲了什么，科技和人民生活，中国发展......一般来说总结想要升华确实很难，所以我们看看AI的答案
So, to understand contemporary China, we cannot ignore technology. It is a lens that shows us not only how fast the country is moving, 
but also where it is heading. Technology tells the story of a nation determined to innovate, to share, and to contribute to the world. 
And through this window, we can see a China that is modern, dynamic, and ready for the future.
最后是思路总结，背好下面的部分，或者上台了自己补充自由发挥
points：technology offers us one of the clearest windows. It not only reflects China’s rapid development, 
        but also reveals the values and everyday lives of the Chinese people.
reason：  1. President once said technology is the strategetic guidance and fundamental support of the development of China
          2. through China's technology we can see China's core policy that technology represents china's development and is associated
             to Chinese people's well-being
example:  1. without the innovation of technology, China would not have  its industry upgraded, new dustries accordingly cant bedeveloped
          2. without the talents in the technological area, china would not have enough powers in cyberspacesecurity, and then could not 
             defend the attack from other organizations
          3. without the wide application of the technology, ther would not be the progress of medical and educational fields, 
             there would not be the improvement od people's well-being
points: So, to understand contemporary China, we cannot ignore technology. It is a lens that shows us not only how fast the country is moving, 
        but also where it is heading. Technology tells the story of a nation determined to innovate, to share, and to contribute to the world. 
        And through this window, we can see a China that is modern, dynamic, and ready for the future.
